rpmconf: add page (#12127)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rpmconf.md

# rpmconf

> > Handle RPMNEW, RPMSAVE and RPMORIG files left over by package upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Handle RPMNEW, RPMSAVE and RPMORIG files left over by package upgrades.
> See also: `rpmconf`.
```

Reviewer 2: Why a reference to the page itself?

Reviewer: Oops, I meant `rpm`

> > More information: <https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/upgrading-fedora-offline/#sect-optional-post-upgrade-tasks>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://github.com/xsuchy/rpmconf>.
```
The README of the official GitHub repo seems a bit more complete to me, what do you think?

> - Search for all leftover files and interactively choose what to do with each of them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List leftover files and interactively choose what to do with each of them:
```
I don't know if it is better or not in this context

> `sudo rpmconf -a`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo rpmconf --all`
```

> - Delete orphaned RPMNEW or RPMSAVE files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete orphaned RPMNEW and RPMSAVE files:
```

> `sudo rpmconf -ac`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo rpmconf --all --clean`
```

# rpmconf

> Handle RPMNEW, RPMSAVE and RPMORIG files left over by package upgrades.

> > Needs root privileges in most cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> More information: <https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/upgrading-fedora-offline/#sect-optional-post-upgrade-tasks>.

- Search for all leftover files and interactively choose what to do with each of them:

> `rpmconf -a`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo rpmconf -a`
```

> > Handle .rpm{new,save,orig} files left over by package upgrades.
> > Needs root privileges in most cases.
> > More information: <https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/upgrading-fedora-offline/#sect-optional-post-upgrade-tasks>.
> 
> - Search for all leftover files and interactively choose what to do with each of them:
> 
> `rpmconf -a`
> 
> - Delete orphaned .rpm{new,save} files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Handle RPMNEW, RPMSAVE and RPMORIG files left over by package upgrades.
> Needs root privileges in most cases.
> More information: <https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/upgrading-fedora-offline/#sect-optional-post-upgrade-tasks>.

- Search for all leftover files and interactively choose what to do with each of them:

`rpmconf -a`

- Delete orphaned RPMNEW or RPMSAVE files:
```

Usually we do file extensions in caps.

> `rpmconf -ac`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sudo rpmconf -ac`
```
